
   README-tradersdata-local

   Information regarding local idiosyncrasies, conventions, coding style,
   etc. which apply generally to TradersData code.

   There may be some quirks to incorporating this work elsewhere.
   Please be mindful that these are parts of a total body of work going
   back some 15 years, that they were all used in the enterprise, but
   privately, so there are pieces intertwined in ways that will be
   difficult to separate.

   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
   N.B. The hurdles should be minor, but the code is made available with
   the expectation that anyone interested is also capable of their own
   needed modifications. It should not be considered "copy-and-paste"
   ready. (No cargo cultism!)

   While I'll make a fair effort to answer reasonable questions, nothing
   is supported -- unless, of course, it comes with a job or a contract.
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------

   Examples
   --------
   I have a local and very basic version system that embeds a cvs-like
   version record in many files. Records are in comment form, so do not
   affect execution and can be ignored as superfluous for anyone else's
   purposes. However, any functionality that uses these records (e.g. a
   --version option to a script) would need removal or replacement with a
   no-op or some other suitable alternative. 

   Another example is a preference for sha1 digests over md5 sums. This
   is evidenced in numerous administrative utilities, all of which depend
   on other home-grown work. This preference, though too long a story for
   this doc, is tied to tripwire configuration choices made more than a
   decade ago, along with my own suite of file system integrity tools that
   were loosely integrated with the tripwire databases. If I had it to do
   over, different choices might be made, but they're already baked in the
   cake.

   If/when any such related pieces are published, the dependencies will
   go out first, but this illustrates how a deep body of work, seamless to
   me, presents some challenges to publishing.
 

   Coding Style
   ------------
   "Allman" or "BSD" style curly braces are used -- the opening brace on
   its own line with both braces at the same indentation level.

   I almost always indent with space characters not tabs, usually 3
   spaces, but sometimes 4 with comments offset at 2.

   I am not fond of long wrapped lines so temporary variables are some-
   times employed only for the purpose of avoiding same, or line
   continuation used when it doesn't look more confusing (and probably
   sometimes even when it does).

   Most work is copiously commented, variables names are clueful, and
   whitespace is used generously for readability. (I'm all for efficiency
   as a virtue in itself, generally, over profligate use of resources just
   because you can. But none of us operate with 64k RAM and 10MB hard
   drives any more. Readability contributes to maintainability and is a
   reasonable use of a few extra bytes of storage.)

   Not everyone approves these choices, and some would run afoul of
   conventions if code published here was contributed to other projects.
   But it's not, so it doesn't.

# $Id: v 0.00.00   2011/11/20 19:14:39  deh, cetus $
