
   README-bashlib

   First Thing
   -----------

   This bashlib ought not be confused with http://bashlib.sourceforge.net/
   which "is a shell script that makes CGI programming in the bash shell
   easier, or at least more tolerable." TradersData bashlib has been
   ongoing for nearly 15 years, although privately and never published.
   I trust the name will not be a problem since neither this bashlib, nor
   the other, is likely to become ubiquitous and get in the other's way.


   Introduction
   ------------

   TradersData bashlib is a collection of libraries for the bash shell
   and a framework to use them.

   The original purposes were both functional and academic curiosity. The
   immediate goal was dynamically loadable functions, to eliminate copying
   and pasting of identical or slightly modified code from script to
   script. One set of precipitating factors was:

     - A regular need for option/argument parsing with features extended
       beyond those provided by getopt or getopts.
     - Long and often contorted "while [ $1 ]; do ; done" blocks that
       frequently grew from that need.
     - The similar (but different enough to be a pain) implementations of
       such loops between scripts.
     - The consequent desire for a generalized solution that could be
       moved "under the hood."

   And bashlib was born. The syntax and some features were inspired by
   Perl module usage. The bastardization is my responsibility alone.
   Now the "while [ $1 ]; do ; done" blocks can be neatly replaced with:

      source /path/to/bashlib/core
      use std/parse-opts
      parse-opts OPTSTR "$@"


   Although parts of the framework and some functions are creatively
   productive, others are brute force hacks. The former is where the
   publishing interest is, but they often depend on the latter. So the
   full range will be out there -- the good, the bad, and the ugly.

   In addition to the basic goal of reusable code, most libraries are
   written in pure bash without use of external utilities. This was one
   of the original academic interests, but the project's usefulness
   quickly became apparent and, where business needs dictated function
   over form, the no dependencies "rule" was scuttled. The code contains
   hints where academic itches were being scratched, the strongest being
   where great effort is curiously expended to avoid dependencies.
   
   bashlib is not a novel concept and the objective for publishing is
   not to represent it as a necessarily efficient or elegant solution
   for any particular task, or not, but to indicate a range and depth of
   experience. It hopefully contains an interesting mix of practical and
   theoretical. Even where a more circuitous route than necessary is
   traversed to reach a destination, the bashlib libraries provide
   functionality the author has found useful over the years.
 
   Please also see the following documents:

      README-tradersdata-00-general     introductory information.

      README-tradersdata-01-local       local quirks and conventions.

      README-tradersdata-bashlib-core   functionality and usage.

# $Id: v 0.00.00   2011/12/11 10:52:10  deh, cetus $
